Accessibility Guidelines (#19)
matplotlib/governance: communications_guidelines.md

    - site guidelines:
        - https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-rules
        - https://help.instagram.com/477434105621119

## Accessibility
- add alt text to images and videos when the platform allows
    - https://webaim.org/techniques/alttext/
- warn on bright, strobing, images & turn off autoplay if possible
- for images made by the social media team:

>   - make graphic percievable to person who cannot perceive color well, due to color-blindness or low vision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - make graphic perceivable to people who cannot perceive color well, due to color-blindness or low vision
```
